---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Robotics Led Me Here
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-03
labels:
  - JavaScript
---

## Fifth Grade: Where It All Started
In the fifth grade, my teacher asked if I was interested in joining the robotics team. I of course said yes. What is cooler than making robots? I continued robotics up until high school. It became my passion and I probably spent more time thinking about robotics than school. As much as I loved building, I ultimately found myself programming robots as much as I was building them. I went into High School thinking I was going to pursue a career in engineering. However, after spending so much time programming, I made the decision in my senior year to pursue a degree in Computer Science.

## Learning Real Code

Although I spent a lot of time in high school programming I never actually had much experience with a actual programming language. If you asked me how many programming languages I knew I would simply say none. Most of the time when I was programming I was using drag and drop interfaces where you would put together blocks of code like a puzzle. I believe the software we used was called EasyC and is based off the C language. I did have some experience with C but I never had to use it for our robots.

All this meant I went into my freshman year not knowing how to write a single line of code. I understood how to use for loops, if then statements, and while loops but did not know the proper way to write them. However the experiences I had in High School made the learning process much easier. Eventually I became familiar with Java, C, C++, and now JavaScript

## Moving Forward

There is much I have to learn when it comes to Software Engineering. Everything is so new to me and there is so much information coming to me at once. I often face difficulty because I have so many question to ask but no idea on how to ask them. However, that is also what makes this field so exciting to me. 
