---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Right Idea, Wrong Code
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-03
labels:
  - JavaScript
---

## Putting in the Hours
I once heard that in order for one to master a skill, they must put in 10,000 hours of work. I have to admit that I still have a way to go until I achieve my 10,000 hours of coding. Although I am a computer science major, programming is still quite a new subject for me. I am constantly learning new concepts and new languages. Honestly, it can be a little overwhelming at times. 

Despite the challenges of learning how to code, I love it! I always loved to logical aspect of programming. Creating a program is like creating a very detailed list of instructions for a computer to follow. With the right code, you can have a computer do anything you want it to do. However, the process of writing out code has always been challenging for me. Often times I understand how to solve the problem in pseudocode, but have difficulty translating that into an actual programming language. Part of that has to do with me not having much experience coding. I started my freshman year learning how to code in Java. I then started learning C and a bit of C++ in my sophmore year. Now as Junior I am taking on a new language: JavaScript.

## The Journey

As mentioned, programming is still quite new to me but I do have some experience with other programming languages. In previous years, I have created various programs in Java and C. Being familiar with other programming languages has made learning JavaScript much easier as much of the knowledge translates. I noticed many similarites 

## Practice Makes Perfect

Having to do the WODs (programming brainteasers) for ICS 314 has really helped me in learning how to use javascript. Im still having a difficult time completing them in a timely manner, but I learn best hands on. In the past, I learned the most from my programming assignments. This is because my code never works on the first try. After troubleshooting and analyzing my code, I learn from my mistakes and come out much more knowledgeable. I also find the WODs as very good experience for when I go into a programming interrview

## Conclusion
